---
layout: post
title: "Goals for 2019."
tags:
- Goals
- Planning
thumbnail_path: blog/thumbs/2019.jpg
add_to_popular_list: true
---

{% include figure.html path=page.thumbnail_path %}
A little more than a week later, the year 2019 will come. It's time to write a list of goals for this year.: 


## Goals

#### Programming

{% include figure.html path="blog/goals-for-2019/programming.png" %}

* [Eventbrite api laravel wrappe](https://github.com/Marat555/eventbrite-api-laravel-wrapper) 

  * Finish the project until mid-January (or earlier).
All methods for working with requests are written, it remains to add the remaining entities and endpoints.
  * Write unit tests. (desirable)
  * Write a similar wrapper for yii2, codeigniter with little changes. (optional)

* On the basis of the project above and some other api write a bot for facebook, vk, telegram. 
I will not disclose the functionality of this application yet. But the project will most likely be opensource. (middle / end of February)

* There is another idea for implementation. Webapp. 

* Come up with a good idea and implement it in java or kotlin. Opensource. 

* Spend on programming for my own projects at least 2 hours a day. At the weekend at least 4 hours.

* Write a blog on programming and related topics once a week.

#### Self-improvement

{% include figure.html path="blog/goals-for-2019/self.jpg" %}

* Planning
   * Month - write goals at the beginning of each month and roughly distribute the implementation schedule.
   * Week - on Sunday evening to write what I need to do before the end of this week. 
   * Day - on the evening of every day to write tasks that need to be done.
   
* Meditate for 20 minutes in the morning, 20 minutes in the evening every day.

* Pull up conversational English.
  * Learn 40 words per day.
  * Read fiction and watch TV shows only in English.
  * Learn texts or dialogues. One per day.

* Read one book a week.

* Workout
  * Do cardio 1 hour a day.
  * Train in the gym 3 times a week.
  * Do exercises to warm up the body and stretch each morning.
  
* Nutrition
  * Eat from 10 am to 6 pm
  * In a day, eat only plant food and drink water.
  
* Sleep at least 8 hours a day.

#### Outside interests

* To properly master akai mpk mini and ableton (or fl) to write a simple track.
* Some other things


## Summary

This is my list of goals for 2019. I will try to stick to it all next year.
